(Yuma)
Last time on
"YuGiOh ZEXAL"...
(both) Let's Duel!
I possess the combined power of
all the fallen Barian Emperors!
Come to me!
Whoa!
Vector's power is off
the charts!
Unending strength courses
through every atom of my being!
King Overfiend attack
Masquerade!
Nash destroyed the Number that
Don Thousand gave to Vector.
Now Vector will regain
the true memories of his past!
♪
♪Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪Ready to go we feel the flow ♪
♪So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪All of my fears are
gone erased ♪
♪Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪Let us fight
together regret it never ♪
♪Our dreams will be ♪
♪Halfway to ♪
♪Forever ♪
♪Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪Reach down deep beat defeat ♪
♪Do all that we can do ♪
♪Halfway to ♪
♪Forever ♪
♪We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪Keep breathing ♪
♪Believing ♪
♪Halfway to forever ♪♪
(man) People of Ostrania!
On this most glorious of days,
our prince has been born!
Long live Lord Vector!
May he grow to inherit an
era of peace and prosperity!
Prosperity♪
And peace...
My child will not grow
to inherit anything
with our resources dwindling
and the neighboring kingdoms
taxing us too much...
Peace is a dream...
War is the reality.
For the glory of our people,
we must show no mercy!
Attack!
Leave no village unplundered!
Annihilate everything
in your path!
Show them our power!
We will not stop until we have
conquered everything
beneath the sky!
(man) The king has collapsed!
Vector... Your father has
fallen ill from exhaustion.
He is no longer able to
rule our kingdom.
The vassals have convened
and agree that you
must ascend to the throne.
Are you prepared to lead us♪
Yes...
I am ready.
People of Ostrania...
Hear me.
The time has come for peace.
No longer will we wage war...
The days of aggression
and fear are over.
The future of
Ostrania is ours to create!
Together, as one!
(cheering)
What is the
meaning of this nonsense♪
Is it true you invited the other
regents to a peace summit♪
Yes.
You fool...
How could y...
How could you.
We're one step from
taking Fandorn completely!
Fandorn is not ours to take.
And I won't ask any more of our
people to fall in the name of...
Silence!
That is enough!
No more.
You will tell your generals
to advance on Fandorn
and destroy
everything in their path!
I will not.
Then you are a
disgrace to your kingdom,
to your people and to me.
You are not fit
to carry my blade.
I banish you.
No...
My son!
Mother!
My king, I will not
let you banish our son.
You don't have...
(Don Thousand) Don't you see♪
Who...
Who're you♪
I am Don Thousand.
I came to help.
To open your eyes
and show you the truth.
The peace you seek is
an illusion...
Look at how it tears
your family apart...
You will listen to
the rage inside you.
You will trust no one
but yourself.
I will take up this blade.
You will
take up that blade.
I will finish what
my father could not...
I will conquer everything
and everyone,
eliminating all
who stand in my way.
Can someone tell me
what we just saw♪
Were those his memories♪
Apparently, as with
the other Emperors...
he was manipulated
by Don thousand.
(Vector) No...
It's impossible...
What've I done...
All the destruction I caused,
the people that I've hurt...
How could I♪
Don thousand!
You became the person
you were destined to become.
All because of you!
You manipulated me!
Just as I manipulated
your fool of a father.
Oh, man...
It's awful.
(screaming)
You gotta keep it together!
What happened
wasn't your fault, Vector.
You're a good guy,
I know you are!
Remember the guy who showed
me all those shortcuts to school
and taught me how to
burp the alphabet♪
That guy was awesome!
And that's who you really are.
I know it is!
Is that true♪
Is there really good in me♪
(Don Thousand)
How little
you understand...
Young Vector claimed
to want peace...
But that was an attempt to quiet
the rage boiling inside him.
That rage was always there...
I just helped him awaken it.
You didn't help
him to do anything!
All you did was get in his
head and mess him up.
It does not matter.
He is who he is.
His actions cannot be erased.
He's right.
I can't change
the person I've become.
Not true!
It can be like
a do-over.
(Tori) Right!
You can't change the past,
but you can control your future!
That's a nice thought.
If only it were true.
It is true!
You don't get it.
I can't control
the future because...
There is no future for me.
I activate...
Xyz Discharge!
Nash, by discarding a card
from your hand,
you can gain control
of all my Xyz Monsters.
What♪
Why are you doing this♪
Because... this is
what I deserve.
Now you can use all my
monsters to finish me off Nash!
No!
You can take out
Don thousand right now...
by taking me out!
How dare you!
You must not hesitate, Shark!
Hesitate, hesitate!
Yuma...
It's fine.
I deserve to be consumed by the
shadows and totally forgotten.
I will not allow this!
You ungrateful wretch!
Defeat me, while I've
still got him under control!
It's now or never!
Defeat me, while I've
still got him under control!
It's now or never!
What are you waiting for?
Beat me!
As you wish.
Shark!
To take advantage
of your Xyz Discharge,
I'm discarding Dream Shark
from my hand.
In doing so, I gain
control of all of your monsters
Yes!
Now finish this!
No way, Shark!
Don't do it.
Yuma...
It's the only way...
Don't say that!
Ray!
Now, Nash!
Finish me!
Ragnafinity...
Stop it!
Attack Vector!
No, Ray!
I activate my trap,
Trick Buster!
Since my field is empty, Trick
Buster can block your attack...
But that's not all it can do.
Those awesome monsters of
mine that you took control of♪
They're all goin'
bye-bye!
Along with King Overfiend!
Ta-da!
But... why♪
That was incredible!
What is going on♪
I duped you all with
my amazing performance!
Maybe I should've
been an actor.
The way I managed
to fool you all!
You guys!
Talk about being gullible!
You actually fell for
the 'poor me' bit!
It's priceless!
Not cool.
And now...
Dear Nash...
It's time to join your
friends in oblivion!
But you won't be going solo.
There's also this pesky deity
I've gotta get rid of.
What are you
talking about, Vector♪
We're done, big guy.
You actually thought you
were using me♪
I was using you.
(Tori)
You're the worst,
Vector!
Take the most awful and
horrible person to ever live,
and you're worse than that.
That's sweet.
But you don't have to shower me
with glowing compliments,
I am well aware
that I'm amazing.
No you're not.
Don Thousand...
We've had a good journey
and some good times,
but this is where we part ways.
Do not be absurd.
You are nothing without me.
Actually...
Now that I have the power
of the other Emperors,
I'm stronger
than you'll ever be!
No...
Stop this, Vector!
You need me!
No!
(laughing)
Don Thousand...
He is no more...
I have plans for you too, Nash.
You're getting blasted
with 300 points of damage
for every monster that
was destroyed...
Doesn't take a genius to tell
you that 900 is more than 100.
You're goin' on a one-way
trip to Doomsville.
So long, Nash!
Look out!
It's gonna take
more than that, Vector.
Dream Shark's special ability
lets it swim back to my field
from the graveyard.
That changes nothing.
Actually, it
blocks your damage!
You knew I was setting you up.
Did you seriously think I was
suddenly willing to trust you♪
To feel sorry for you♪
Shark...
You mighta fooled everyone
else, but you didn't fool me.
You're a pretty
smart guy, Nash...
I'd probably like you
if I wasn't busy
wanting to rip your
game apart and destroy you!
I draw!
Heh!
I activate Admiration
of the Thousands!
With this Rank Up Magic card,
I can summon multiple
Chaos Numbers
with the same Rank
from the graveyard...
And they will rise
stronger than before!
Silent honor!
Masquerade!
Archfiend Seraph
and Ragnafinity
All resurrect at higher levels!
And I can unite 'em all to
summon your worst nightmare.
With these four monsters, I
build the Overlay Network.
Chaos Xyz Evolution!
I summon Chaos Number 5!
Chaos Chimera Dragon!
Say goodbye to what little
hope you had, Nash.
Chaos Chimera Dragon
means you can say goodbye
to what little hope
you had left.
First I should mention
that Chaos Chimera Dragon
gains 1,000 attack points for
every Chaos Overlay Unit it has.
And now, in exchange for one of
those Chaos Overlay Units,
Chimera Dragon can
attack you by banishing
one random card in your deck.
Sure, it loses a thousand attack
points, but that leaves it
with more than enough power
to crush you once and for all.
This has been loads
of fun, Nash,
but I'm afraid all good
things must come to an end.
Attack!
This isn't over yet, Vector!
Once per turn, Dream Shark can
lower its defense points
by a thousand and save it
itself from being destroyed.
It makes no difference...
I'll just activate Chimera
Dragon's ability again.
It uses another Chaos Overlay
Unit to banish a card
from your deck and attack you.
Your Dream Shark will
be sunk very soon.
Nighty, night, Dream Shark...
Sweet Dreams!
You've got nothing to
stop my Dragon's attacks now.
And for a third time, I activate
Chaos Chimera's ability.
There goes another card
from your deck.
When Chimera Dragon
attacks directly,
its attack points
are cut in half...
but that's still plenty
to squash you
like the puny
little insect that you are!
Guess this is it, then.
Yeah...
it is.
Vector is the victor!
Chaos Chimera Dragon, attack!
Shark!
I activate my trap
Depth Gardna!
I take no damage
and I can summon this
card as a Level 5 monster.
Come to the surface,
Depth Gardna!
Oh, brother...
Depth Gardna's attack
points become the same
as the amount of damage
I would've taken.
Nash....
Why won't you
just lose already♪
Well let's see if you're still
up for kicking and screaming
after I activate Chimera
Dragon's special ability
and return all your banished
cards to the top of your deck.
This'll stop you from
drawing a new card.
And it's not like those
three cards were useful.
(Nash) Actually, they are.
I draw!
Funny you say these
cards aren't useful,
'cause I'm about to use one
of 'em to finish you off.
I'm afraid that won't
be possible, Nash.
Why not♪
Because even though
you got your cards back,
Chimera Dragon's special
ability prevents you
from actually playing them.
What♪
Whoa!
Not good.
That is putting it lightly.
Nash will not be able to play
the next two cards he draws.
Here's the best part!
I can pay half my life
points during your turn
to give Chimera Dragon all its
Chaos Overlay Units back...
And unlike the cards
at the top of your deck,
they aren't worthless,
which means the big guy is back
to packing 4000 attack points.
So then, this means that when it
becomes Vector's turn again...
He'll be able to
finish Shark off for good.
So sorry, Nash.
But this time,
there's no way out.
Any last words, Nash♪
Actually, yes.
I want to thank you
for tossing me a lifeline.
Huh♪
I activate Infinity Tooth
from my hand!
This spell allows me to
send a card from my deck
to my graveyard for
every Overlay Unit
that Chimera Dragon has.
You got rid of
the useless cards.
That's right.
And now I get to draw
one new card!
Chaos Draw!
I summon Depth Biter!
Now I overlay Depth Gardna
and Depth Biter.
I Xyz Summon Number 73:
Abyss Splash!
Next, I activate Abyss
Splash's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it doubles its attack
points when it battles.
Go, Abyss Splash!
Attack Chaos Chimera Dragon!
That pathetic little
minnow can't hurt me...
Not with my trap Overlay
Burglary in place!
When your Xyz Monster
attacks my Xyz Monster,
this trap steals one of your
monster's Overlay Units!
And you know what that means...
Chaos Chimera Dragon gains a
thousand attack points!
You managed to
defeat me twice before.
But third time's the charm.
You don't stand a chance now,
and really, you never...
You're the one who
doesn't stand a chance.
I wasn't finished.
That's where you're wrong,
Vector, you are finished,
thanks to this!
No!
Not that Rank Up Magic card!
Rank-Up Magic Quick Chaos
ranks up my Number
into a Chaos Number.
Say goodbye to Abyss Splash
and say hello
to Chaos Number 73!
Rise from the depths,
Abyss Supra Splash!
Your evil ends here
and now, Vector.
Abyss Supra,
attack Chaos Chimera!
Ha!
That lug can't
defeat my Dragon!
It can, once I activate
its special ability...
By using one
Chaos Overlay Unit,
Abyss Supra Splash gains all
your monster's attack points.
That's right, Vector,
all of them!
No...
Chaos Chimera Dragon
has 5,000 attack points...
And now Abyss Supra will
gain all that power.
8,000 attack points....
This attack is for every
Emperor you betrayed...
For all the pain and
suffering you caused...
And for me.
You can't do this, Nash!
Goodbye, Vector.
(Vector) How...
How could I lose♪
(gasping)
♪